Add PTZ Camera recommendations, explanations and docs for 2-way audio (#19740)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/live.md

To use the Reolink Doorbell with two way talk, you should use the [recommended Reolink configuration](/configuration/camera_specific#reolink-doorbell)

> A starting point to check compatibility for your camera, check out the list of cameras supported for two-way talk on the [go2rtc repository](https://github.com/AlexxIT/go2rtc?tab=readme-ov-file#two-way-audio). For cameras in the category `ONVIF Profile T`, you can use the [ONVIF Conformant Products Database](https://www.onvif.org/conformant-products/)'s FeatureList to check for the presence of `AudioOutput`. A camera that supports `ONVIF Profile T` *usually* supports this, but due to inconsistent support, a camera that explicitly lists this feature may still not work. If no entry for your camera exists on the database, it is recommended not to buy it or to consult with the manufacturer's support on the feature availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a starting point to check compatibility for your camera, view the list of cameras supported for two-way talk on the [go2rtc repository](https://github.com/AlexxIT/go2rtc?tab=readme-ov-file#two-way-audio). For cameras in the category `ONVIF Profile T`, you can use the [ONVIF Conformant Products Database](https://www.onvif.org/conformant-products/)'s FeatureList to check for the presence of `AudioOutput`. A camera that supports `ONVIF Profile T` *usually* supports this, but due to inconsistent support, a camera that explicitly lists this feature may still not work. If no entry for your camera exists on the database, it is recommended not to buy it or to consult with the manufacturer's support on the feature availability.
```
